# JavaScript 
Javascript is basically a Scipting/Interpreted language.


What is JavaScript ?
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is lightweight and most commonly used as a part of web pages, 
whose implementations allow client-side script to interact with the user and make dynamic pages. It is an interpreted 
programming language with object-oriented capabilities.

JavaScript was first known as LiveScript, but Netscape changed its name to JavaScript, possibly because of the excitement 
being generated by Java. JavaScript made its first appearance in Netscape 2.0 in 1995 with the name LiveScript. 
The general-purpose core of the language has been embedded in Netscape, Internet Explorer, and other web browsers.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JavaScript - Placement in HTML File

There is a flexibility given to include JavaScript code anywhere in an HTML document. However the most preferred ways to 
include JavaScript in an HTML file are as follows −

Script in <head>...</head> section.

Script in <body>...</body> section.

Script in <body>...</body> and <head>...</head> sections.

Script in an external file and then include in <head>...</head> section.

In the following section, we will see how we can place JavaScript in an HTML file in different ways.

1) JavaScript in <head>...</head> section
	If you want to have a script run on some event, such as when a user clicks somewhere, then you will place that script 
	in the head.


2) JavaScript in <body>...</body> section
	If you need a script to run as the page loads so that the script generates content in the page, then the script goes 
	in the <body> portion of the document. In this case, you would not have any function defined using JavaScript. 



3) JavaScript in <body> and <head> Sections
	You can put your JavaScript code in <head> and <body> section altogether.

4) JavaScript in External File
	As you begin to work more extensively with JavaScript, you will be likely to find that there are cases where you 
	are reusing identical JavaScript code on multiple pages of a site.

	You are not restricted to be maintaining identical code in multiple HTML files. The script tag provides a mechanism 
	to allow you to store JavaScript in an external file and then include it into your HTML files.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Warning for Non-JavaScript Browsers: 
If you have to do something important using JavaScript, then you can display a warning message to the user using <noscript> tags.

You can add a noscript block immediately after the script block as follows −

<html>
   <body>
      <script language = "javascript" type = "text/javascript">
         <!--
            document.write("Hello World!")
         //-->
      </script>
      
      <noscript>
         Sorry...JavaScript is needed to go ahead.
      </noscript>      
   </body>
</html>
	Now, if the user's browser does not support JavaScript or JavaScript is not enabled, then the message from </noscript> will be 
	displayed on the screen.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Prompt Method: / Used to take input before page load.

The prompt() method displays a dialog box that prompts the visitor for input.

A prompt box is often used if you want the user to input a value before entering a page.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Lables in js loops / loop control:

Using Labels to Control the Flow: 
	Starting from JavaScript 1.2, a label can be used with break and continue to control the flow more precisely. 
	A label is simply an identifier followed by a colon (:) that is applied to a statement or a block of code. 
	We will see two different examples to understand how to use labels with break and continue.

Note − Line breaks are not allowed between the ‘continue’ or ‘break’ statement and its label name. Also, 
	there should not be any other statement in between a label name and associated loop.




------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Different ways of defining a function:

There is a lot to learn about JavaScript functions, however we have covered the most important concepts in this tutorial.

JavaScript Nested Functions

JavaScript Function( ) Constructor

JavaScript Function Literals
